Even though Google algorithms are constantly evolving it's true that links back links from authorities
sites have a big impact on your ranking particularly for the very highest crime gangs.
It's difficult to see how Google could ignore these kind of links because if a high authorities side
considered your site valuable enough to link to then it must be quite a site.
It must have authority in its own right.
Google cannot afford to ignore it because their commitment is to provide the very best quality sites
for their users.
It's largely true that the site with great quality content will not reach the very top of Google by
itself.
However even if the site has fantastic bottlings from authorities sites like CNN Wikipedia Forbes et
cetera it will not reach the very top of Google search unless the call and the quality of the content
is very very high.
Ideally you need both a fantastic site with great paddlings.
Now the case study that these lessons rely on don't rely on any bottlings at all.
But I want to say a few words about back because they are important for any site who those search engine
algorithms are constantly evolving.
Links from an authority site do have a big effect on the ranking.
It's difficult to see how Google could remove this element from his Reinking calculations.
After all if an important site considers your own site to be a valuable resource it's a big sign to
Google that they should rank it highly.
It seems the quality rich content and bottlings go hand in hand
while it is difficult to rank at the very top number one with good quality and no bottlings having great
things some poor quality content doesn't work either.
Ideally you need both.
However backlit from powerful sites are still not sufficient to achieve the best rankings.
Google knows the kind of activity that surrounds a new and growing site the algorithm takes into account
social activity sharing and links from other sites or forums
increase your activity as the site grows follows a known curve and any activity not following this curve
this natural growth will be suspected and may be penalized.
Although frowned upon by Google it is possible to create a natural looking back profile using the services
of SEO professionals.
However take great care.
It's a very difficult area and it's probably worth waiting filicide to grow organically.
Gathering by clinks naturally as it evolves.
Create social profiles enough and create it or no follow it indicates to Google that your site has social
reach.
Create a Facebook page dedicated to the site join groups and be active posting interesting content regularly.
Create a YouTube channel for the site and link back from the dashboard try to create at least one video
a week with a link in the description to one of your sites in the pages of posts
a great to do follow link can be created using cars as a video site that compiles play lists from YouTube
Vimeo and other popular platforms
simply search for videos related to your focus keyword and write a description containing keyword variations
and then the real web site.
The resulting back link is do follow imbeds the playlist on your site and it should be indexed on your
site as it gets crawled by Google robots a really good way to get a strong back link approach similar
size but not a competitor and ask if you can write a guest post for them.
A link back to your site will be included in the article profile in the next video lesson.
You see how my site ranked during the three months following its creation.